hey everyone my name is victor i'm a
core member of the
humanoid team we're building a
distributed financial
system where one human equals one node
like or as we say in ipfs community
one human equals one replica why
well every public permissionless
now their blockchain networked they are
based their security on uh
capital they base security either on
state tokens
or on equipment of miners
and well these
this approach is susceptible to external
attacks like when you have a
network with higher capitalization that
this one
it can easily attract it either directly
buying out
assets or it will create a secondary
market
outside the target network
and basically manipulate the price of
the asset
in eventually buying out the target
network asset and attacking
this permissionless network and what
we're doing in humanoid our security
is based on collective verification of
human existence
and all people who became humanoids
uh i have to say frankly we had that
idea like
almost for three years but we had no
idea how to implement that
and it became possible only in 2020
thanks to advances in biometrics
especially leaveness detection
uh thanks to advanced and matching of
fully homomorphic encrypted biometric
data uh thanks to the private
computations
in permissionless manner by uh guys from
enigma
and of course well huge kudos to the
protocol labs team
uh for inventing and implementing the
merkle certity cluster
well basically when we have a network
where one human
equals one node that is capable of
financial transfers
that means that the fees that the
network that the protocol collects
will be divided equally among every
human node
as there is no block reward because
again we're using the ipfs invention
which is
uh miracle certainty any monetary system
can be built upon
without these block rewards and moreover
it opens doors and the way to the
one human one vote decentralized
organizations
and as you have seen the like state
tokens tao
are just terrible at the moment
well uh thanks to the blockless nature
of merkel certit
we've got pretty cool features there
compared to blockchain
first less redundant metadata
and the second flexible transaction
persistence time
uh that means that uh if you're sending
like ten dollars to your friend
and you don't really want to pay the
cost of this
for this transaction for this data to be
kept forever
uh what we can do with miracle strategy
we can unpin the data from ipfs
not hold it anymore and basically the
costs
become lower and lower
of course if you want to keep the
transactions feel the heat death of the
universe
you're always welcome now
how do we implement ipfs here and
uh where do we use it basically
everywhere
uh and uh let's start from the
like creation of humanoid okay
uh what we do we
ask people to scan their biometric
modalities
yes first we're using like external
biometric modalities
uh face recognition fingerprint
and iris recognition are among the most
advanced for example
uh but you know later if we find out
that that's not enough for security
uh we're also going to introduce in
internal biometrics
uh that means neurosignature
with brain computer interfaces or dna
but let's
go to the slide which explains how can
you create a human node and like how the
system works
we have three actors here it's a
client device public ipfs cluster
and a private smart contract so
this public ipfs cluster it actually
gets uh
well it's public you will ask
how we can put biometrics such as
sensitive data there
well we first encrypt it with fully
homomorphic encryption
right on the client device and only then
we send it to the ipfs cluster
basically when a potential human node
submits its
encrypted feature vector from the
biometric modalities
the public fs cluster performs
one-to-many computations over that data
to find out whether this person was a
humanoid before
or he's really a new one
well basically after that we get
the score we get the score that tells us
has he been there before or not and uh
this core is then sent through the
client device to private smart contract
this core is again encrypted we have to
decrypt it
right there in the private smart
contract and
the private smart contract understands
what this core
means and then he authorizes the public
key
of the client to
have a validator key or not to have it
so now we like have permission for a new
human node
to finally join the network let's look
at how the network looks like
uh yeah here we came up with a nice
figure for miracle certity
but i'll jump straight to the tech
uh we reuse existing tools from the
ipfs project to implement networking and
dental replication
level here uh we use
miracle strategy for the state
duplication
and it becomes possible now to implement
a key value store
which looks like miracle trees
in avl from cosmos
so thanks to the protocol labs team we
can leverage data store component that
provides a unified interface
to access data uh we're picking a
distributed go data store implementation
using merkle certity
well it is basically based on the badger
db as permanent storage
it uses uh leapd pops up and the
provided pops up broadcaster as a
broadcaster component
a user defined dac synchro component to
publish and retrieve merkle dax to the
network
and for the interface the node
initializes an ipfs lite client
so thank very much ipfs team
and protocol labs you were a great
inspiration for us
basically when all the external
components are properly mounted
the data store is ready to be used by an
old instance
since it's a key value store we use
prefixes to define
separate data buckets and
well here for the application logic
which represents
transaction processing and validation
logic
we defined two sets of buckets the first
set includes
epochs which we use instead of blocks
in classic blockchains and each epoch
has a number as a key
that points to a list of transactions
and
on application level again transactions
which is a bucket holding set of
confirmed transactions
and consensus participants here decide
whether to include or not to include
transaction
into that set if the transaction is
confirmed
it's cid content identifier
and validator signatures are added to
the set
and the body will be replaced through
dac sinker
well basically the second bucket
represents uh accounts and validators
well this is this is where we like
combined the knowledge that we have from
the public blockchains
uh cosmos mainly and ipfs
and this is how we'll build the humanoid
network
thank you